Ever seen in politics.
Three American presidents
together in New York City
in a sign of party unity.
But much of their focus
and attacks
were about the other guy
from the other party
who also held the Oval Office.
We've got three presidents tonight,
a presidential trifecta
at Radio City Music
Hall, Joe
Biden and listing
former Presidents
Obama and Clinton
for a historic fundraiser
that was closed to video cameras
except for the campaigns that
Biden raising more than $25 million,
adding to his growing war chest,
which far outpaces Trump's.
But money is not Biden's only weapon.
The president
sharpening his personal attacks,
going after Trump
the way Trump belittles his opponents.
I'd be happy to play.
I told him once before.
I said, I'll give you three strokes
if you carry your own bag.
And it got tougher from there.
Little old and out-of-shape
Biden staffer
is now calling Trump feeble,
confused and weak.
But as we learned in 2016,
beating Trump at his own
game is not easy.
Have you seen his hands?
They're like this.
And you know what they say
about men with small hands.
You can't trust them.
He referred to my hands if they're small.
Something else must be small.
I guarantee you there's no problem.
I was there that night.
It really happened here with me today.
Podcast host
and author of the bestseller
Burn Book,
Kara Swisher, editor
in chief of The Dispatch
and columnist at the L.A. Times.
Jonah Goldberg,
New York
Times, journalist
and podcast host Lulu GARCIA-NAVARRO,
and editor in chief of the Washington
Free Beacon, Eliana Johnson.
Welcome back, everyone.
Good to have you here.
Kara, when it comes to personal
insults and trolling,
can Biden out Trump?
Trump Oh, yes.
Oh, Trump. Trump. He has to be Biden.
I think he's actually quite good at it.
He was good at the last election cycle.
The come on man, the thing that he does.
So I think he's just got to
be genuine to himself when he's doing it.
And that was that was a good dig.
And this is where politics is with Trump.
You have to sort of meet him there.
And Trump could be rather thin skinned
when it happens and maybe he'll hit back.
But I think Biden's pretty good
at it, actually, Eliana.
Biden's staffers are reportedly
test marketing
various insults like broke down
and low energy,
Don, both of which
I think are kind of weak.
And the question I have,
what do we think of the chances
that Biden,
our staff,
can come up with a killer nickname
like Crooked Hillary?
And should he even try?
I don't think it's a good idea.
Look,
Trump has shown that nobody can outdo him
at this game,
but you can tell that the Biden
team, Biden,
feels the need to keep
the attention on Trump.
And they know that to the extent
Trump is dominating the headlines,
they can keep the attention on him
and not talk about the Biden
administration's record.
That is good for him. I'm sorry, though.
Calling him
old and feeble is not going to make up
for the fact that their own guy is
old and feeble.
I think social media,
we live
in a social media age and I think,
you know,
there's things like Don Corleone
that's actually a pretty good one.
But that wasn't the Biden people.
Their social media is excellent debate.
The Biden team,
whoever's running
it is really smart and does
focuses a lot on the policy.
And so I think you have to operate
in these zones.
No matter how you slice it,
because the press pays
attention, other politicians
pay attention,
and it creates names that move along.
So I agree with you
that he shouldn't
try to out Trump Trump
and that going after Trump in a way
is good
fan service
or his own base,
and he needs to show
that he's fighting is up.
But I agree with Eliana
that specifically
the terms old and feeble.
If it's a debate about
who's older and feeble,
I don't think those are on Biden's turf.
That's not Biden's turf.
Although if he shows himself
to be vibrant,
which he did at this event,
he's shown it to be at that's
at the State of the Union address.
Then it becomes interesting.
Why not shove it back?
I think he has to show that
he's out there,
that he's vigorous and unfortunately,
we are in the I'm
rubber and you're a glue
and whatever I say sticks back to you.
I mean, that's kind of where we're at now
in terms of these two men.
They're both old.
And so I'm pointing each other
fingers at each other
is just what we're seeing.
Let me
let me pick up on another aspect of this,
which was that fund raiser.
Is it smart?
Is it
effective politics
for Biden to enlist Obama and to enlist
Clinton?
And specifically, can they help him
shore up his support,
which is sagging among younger voters,
especially young black men
and young Hispanic?
That Biden's poll numbers are up.
So let's not talk about sagging.
We're not talking about his skin.
We're talking about his poll numbers.
So that's the first thing I'll say.
The second thing I'll say is
that his poll numbers are up
because now we're in a general election.
And so what we're seeing now is actually
this push into a general election
where he's actually going
and taking his message to the people.
And Obama and Clinton are popular,
unlike the GOP,
who really have no one to campaign with.
I mean,
this is a completely different party.
George W Bush
has nothing to do with Trump.
And let me just read a list here.
Mike Pence, John Kelly, Mark Milley, John
Bolton, Mark Esper,
these were all people
who were in the Trump administration
and now disavow former President Trump.
So, you know,
you've got a very different kettle
of fish here
between Biden,
who has former presidents,
who he's able to sort of campaign with
and what Trump has.
I was hoping
w would come out of the floor
I was waiting for.
It was like W is showing.
From the ceiling, kind of swinging.
Like a former president.
I want to pick up on this question
of predecessors.
Yeah.
Reporter oddly,
obama was in the white house last week
for several hours talking hard
tax campaign strategy
with the biden team.
How smart do you think it is
or do you think
it really is going to help for biden
to catch up to the degree
possible with obama and clinton?
Well, look,
I kind of agree with you in the sense
that Biden's brand is still
I mean, I agree
his poll numbers are going up,
but like his brand is still pretty weak.
Attaching yourself
to more popular brands make sense
and even broader than than that.
I mean,
you look at the surrogates
that Trump has available to him,
they basically just reinforce
a narrow coalition. Biden has a
much broader coalition.
I think the one place
really one really false note
was they initially billed this
going to your point about social media.
Someone thought it was smart to build
this as a grassroots fundraiser, but
this was not a grassroots.
I think the top ticket was a
half a million.